the new covert cx2 crossbow from carbon
express is like no other with its
revolutionary bio sync 3 design it's not
just a well balanced crossbow it's a
system integrating body bow and bolt
creating a feeling that can only be
described as second nature perfectly
balancing hunter and weapon experience
the covert CX 2 crossbow today shoot
better carbon express the battle has
been waged for hours Shawn Michaels is
embroiled in the fight of his career
Shawn showed the skill of an experienced
angler as he cast his lure directly into
the smelly superb remains and almost on
cue on to bang his line ripped from his
real yards at a time so here we are man
versus beast he is the mythical Shawn
Michaels Heartbreak Kid
this year WrestleMania the iconic show
stop the Hall of Famer for 20 years he
battled the greatest sports
entertainment had to offer his matches
took place in every possible venue under
every possible condition but never ever
in conditions like these against a foe
like this but who is winning this battle
each time Shawn draws the huge fish
close to the boat it just darts away
again taking out hundreds of yards of
line now this is the moment of the match
where action picks up where Shawn begins
to take control the Kip off the flying
elbow then hair wildly flying out of
control
and finally as he's done so many times
in his career
Shawn slowly gains the upper hand this
is why they call
on the comeback kid time to tune up the
van sweet Finn music and it's over Shawn
Michaels wins again I got to get a
picture but they do have beautiful color
though I got to say if you look at them
I mean those and they're almost like
translucent you know I'm in the color
that's really pretty fish sorry but it's
not a big fish shot shot it's not big
that's not big at all no you fought that
for about 15 minutes by what no pulled
our pulls and you know you they even had
to put a harness on you close you get
this day to put a heart on it to bite
this thing I even have the harness on
and the harnesses
Clarence is what you wear for sharks
even all the really big fish and this is
what I got Cole this moves in front of
the boat we don't need to iron steer
with him we're gonna believe in you look
for the big fish we're going with a team
hangs out I don't want you back here
with my harness in my little fish all by
myself I know it looks small baby was
really strong okay yeah okay that's what
you've sent out your thought the size of
the dog in the fight but it's the size
of the fight in the dog and John you
don't let you choke mate walls feel
is this is this going to make it on TV
because it's not really going to make me
look that good
small good Perce buddy I've expended all
that energy from what he gets a big one